doc: add an example of a fully PWA-compliant config for pwa-plugin (#1769)
vuejs/vuepress: packages/docs/docs/plugin/official/plugin-pwa.md

}
```

> ::: tip PWA NOTES

Reviewer: Not sure we need this, WDYT?

```suggestion
::: tip
```

> To make your site fully PWA-compliant, you will need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make your site fully PWA-compliant, you need to:
```

> - provide a Web App Manifest and icons in `.vuepress/public`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- provide a web app manifest and icons in `.vuepress/public`,
```

Author: @sarahdayan are you sure it's correct to add punctuation for items list?

Reviewer: It depends, there are several schools of thought. Here's a good reference of [different use cases](http://www.plainenglish.co.uk/punctuating-bulleted-lists.html).

In this case, this is a sentence broken down into several items.

> - add correct [head links](/config/#head) in `.vuepress/config.js` (see example below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add correct [head links](/config/#head) in `.vuepress/config.js` (see example below).
```

For more details, see [MDN docs about the Web App Manifest](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Manifest).
:::

Here is an example of a fully PWA-compliant configuration with VuePress:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  head: [

>     ['link', { rel: 'icon', href: `/logo.png` }],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ['link', { rel: 'icon', href: '/logo.png' }],
```

    ['link', { rel: 'manifest', href: '/manifest.json' }],
    ['meta', { name: 'theme-color', content: '#3eaf7c' }],
    ['meta', { name: 'apple-mobile-web-app-capable', content: 'yes' }],
    ['meta', { name: 'apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style', content: 'black' }],

>     ['link', { rel: 'apple-touch-icon', href: `/icons/apple-touch-icon-152x152.png` }],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ['link', { rel: 'apple-touch-icon', href: '/icons/apple-touch-icon-152x152.png' }],
```

- `sw-error`

> ::: tip PWA NOTES

Reviewer: Not sure we need this, WDYT?

```suggestion
::: tip
```

> Enable this option only if you are able to deploy your site with SSL, since service worker can only be registered under HTTPs URLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since you can only register service workers under HTTPs URLs, make sure you can deploy your site with SSL before enabling this option.
```
